Update concepts and move over examples. (#3)
beaker/docs: docs/concept/workspaces.md

# Beaker Workspaces

> Workspaces organize datasets, experiments, and groups so you can share them across the company or around the world.  A key quality of workspaces is that all resources in a workspace share the same permissions.  For example, you may set up a workspace so all its contents are accessible across the company, private to just you, or available across the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspaces organize datasets, experiments, and groups so you can share them with colleagues or the world.  All of a workspace's contents share the same permissions.  For example, you may set up a workspace so all its contents are accessible across the company, private to just you, or made public to support a published paper.
```

You may want to use workspaces to organize the work related to a particular paper submission, for example, or perhaps create a set of datasets to share among your colleagues.

## Creating a Workspace

> You can create and explore workspaces by clicking on the new “Workspaces” link in the top bar.  Workspaces are scoped to users and organizations.  You can set the permissions under the "Preferences" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create and explore workspaces by clicking on the “Workspaces” link in the top bar.  Each workspace is owned by a single account, which may be a user or organization.
```

We touch on permissions a few times here but don't really go into detail.  We should add a section detailing how they work.
